index.md, before:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Lisboa
tags: chapter-lisboa owasp-lisboa owasp-lisbon chapter-portugal lisboa lisbon portugal 
level: 0
region: Europe
meetup-group: owasp-lisboa-chapter
country: Portugal
postal-code: 1649

---
<!-- rebuild 1 -->

![Lisboa Chapter Logo, image By Deensel - Lisbon, CC BY 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=94222909](assets/images/owasp-lisboa-banner-small.png)

## Welcome to the OWASP Lisboa chapter

Welcome to the new OWASP Lisboa chapter. This local chapter builds on the experience of the previous OWASP chapter which was active between 2008 and 2018 (see [History](https://owasp.org/www-chapter-lisboa/#div-history)).  

The goal of this chapter is to promote application security in Portugal, engaging the local community through meetings, speaking events, and project contributions.

[Join OWASP](https://owasp.org/membership)!

## Follow us and stay up to date

Use the [Social Links](#social-links) on the right to follow us and stay up to date with our events.

## Next event:

🗓️ TBD

## Participation

### Call for Speakers

Are you interested in speaking at our meetups?

Stage fright? Tongue-tied? Look at our events as a way to sharpen your skills in a low-stakes, friendly environment. We are here to support all talks, big and small, as long as they line up with the OWASP mission statement. 

🗣️ Submit your talk [here](https://forms.gle/mRSwbcAyfe85zvBx8).

### Sponsorship

The Open Worldwide Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit foundation that works to improve the security of software. All of our projects ,tools, documents, forums, and chapters are free and open to anyone interested in improving application security.

Chapters are led by local leaders in accordance with the [Chapters Policy](/www-policy/operational/chapters). Financial contributions should only be made online using the authorized online donation button.

Everyone is welcome and encouraged to participate in our [Projects](/projects/), [Local Chapters](/chapters/), [Events](/events/), [Online Groups](https://groups.google.com/a/owasp.com/){:target='_blank'}, and [Community Slack Channel](https://owasp.slack.com/){:target='_blank'}. We especially encourage diversity in all our initiatives. OWASP is a fantastic place to learn about application security, to network, and even to build your reputation as an expert. We also encourage you to be [become a member](/membership/) or consider a [donation](/donate/) to support our ongoing work.

## Previous event:

Jan 15th 2025, see the [Past Events](https://owasp.org/www-chapter-lisboa/#div-pastevents) tab.

Check the [meetups](https://owasp.org/www-chapter-lisboa/#div-meetups) for more information on future events.

Commit message:

Update layout regarding events, past and future

index.md, after:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Lisboa
tags: chapter-lisboa owasp-lisboa owasp-lisbon chapter-portugal lisboa lisbon portugal 
level: 0
region: Europe
meetup-group: owasp-lisboa-chapter
country: Portugal
postal-code: 1649

---
<!-- rebuild 1 -->

![Lisboa Chapter Logo, image By Deensel - Lisbon, CC BY 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=94222909](assets/images/owasp-lisboa-banner-small.png)

## Welcome to the OWASP Lisboa chapter

Welcome to the new OWASP Lisboa chapter. This local chapter builds on the experience of the previous OWASP chapter which was active between 2008 and 2018 (see [History](https://owasp.org/www-chapter-lisboa/#div-history)).  

The goal of this chapter is to promote application security in Portugal, engaging the local community through meetings, speaking events, and project contributions.

[Join OWASP](https://owasp.org/membership)!

## Follow us and stay up to date

Use the [Social Links](#social-links) on the right to follow us and stay up to date with our events.

## Previous:

🗓️ Jan 15th 2025, see the [Past Events](https://owasp.org/www-chapter-lisboa/#div-pastevents) tab.

## Next:

🗓️ TBD, join our [Meetup group](https://www.meetup.com/owasp-lisboa-chapter/) for up-to-date announcements.

## Participation

### Call for Speakers

Are you interested in speaking at our meetups?

Stage fright? Tongue-tied? Look at our events as a way to sharpen your skills in a low-stakes, friendly environment. We are here to support all talks, big and small, as long as they line up with the OWASP mission statement. 

🗣️ Submit your talk [here](https://forms.gle/mRSwbcAyfe85zvBx8).

### Sponsorship

The Open Worldwide Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit foundation that works to improve the security of software. All of our projects ,tools, documents, forums, and chapters are free and open to anyone interested in improving application security.

Chapters are led by local leaders in accordance with the [Chapters Policy](/www-policy/operational/chapters). Financial contributions should only be made online using the authorized online donation button.

Everyone is welcome and encouraged to participate in our [Projects](/projects/), [Local Chapters](/chapters/), [Events](/events/), [Online Groups](https://groups.google.com/a/owasp.com/){:target='_blank'}, and [Community Slack Channel](https://owasp.slack.com/){:target='_blank'}. We especially encourage diversity in all our initiatives. OWASP is a fantastic place to learn about application security, to network, and even to build your reputation as an expert. We also encourage you to be [become a member](/membership/) or consider a [donation](/donate/) to support our ongoing work.
